           Mech. Engg. Dept., Stanford University
                   STANFORD CA 94305-3030

          Collaborative Testing of Turbulence Models

                        DATA LIBRARY

1. INTRODUCTION

This library of experimental data and simulation results for
turbulent flows was compiled for the project on
Collaborative Testing of Turbulence Models funded by AFOSR,
Army Research Office, NASA and ONR (see J. Fluids Engg vol.
116, p. 243, 1996), and is available as images of 1.44MB
3-1/2 in. MS-DOS diskettes. It falls into three parts:--

(i) the six disks, D1-D6, distributed to modelers taking
part in the Collaboration (containing many more cases than
were actually used) - in this JFE Data Bank

(ii)  seven disks, R1-R7 containing further selected, but
mainly unedited, cases from the bank of undistributed data - 
in this JFE Data Bank

(iii) the remainder of the data, not given here.

The three parts are described in order in Sections 2 to 4.
Section 5 is a set of informal notes on data which are not
in the library but may be available from the originators.

The text material in the J. Fluids Engg Data Bank is a -
hopefully self-contained - description of the data. It
includes or excerpts some documents issued to Collaborators,
but much of the project material (e.g. graphs of results
submitted by the Collaborators) exists only as paper copies,
in the full "Proceedings" of the project (Stanford Univ. ME
Dept Rept MD-73: total 650 pages).


2. DISTRIBUTED TEST CASES (Disks 1 to 6)

2.1 Disk contents and format

The basis for the test cases was the data library for the
1980-81 AFOSR-IFP-Stanford Conference on Complex Turbulent
Flows. Comparatively few of the 1980-81 cases were used:
some of the newer test cases were almost direct replacements
for 1980-81 data. Appendix A is a complete list of the 80-81
test cases. The data were compiled in packed format by Brian
Cantwell; all values are given as integers, "intval", in the
range 0 to 10000, with maximum and minimum values in
separate `files', so the real value is "(min)+(intval)*(max-
min)/10000". The data were transcribed from tape to disk by
Prof. G.M. Lilley of Southampton University. The data on
disks 1-3 differ from the original tape only in that each
case occupies only one disk file: the beginnings and ends of
the original tape files, counting serially from "file 1" in
the first test case, are marked in the disk file. Note that
internal references to `file' numbers start from no. 1 in
each test case. For most purposes users can ignore the tape
file numbers. File F0112 (Hinze) as originally distributed
had two spurious (repeated) lines after the end of tape-file
33: these should be ignored.

 We distributed the 80-81 data unaltered (on Disk 1 for
incompressible flow and Disks 2 and 3 for compressible flow)
and in full except for five very long files.   These
exceptions are 0411 (circular cylinder), 0441 (stalled
airfoil), 0511 (wing-body junction), 0512 (curved duct) and
8602 (shock/BL interaction): they can be furnished on
request. All files have the same names as the 80-81 cases,
with prefix "F", e.g. F0141 for 80-81 case 0141,
Samuel/Joubert boundary layer. For the 80-81 cases actually
used in the Collaboration, we distributed unpacked and
annotated data: these files are mostly on disk 4 onward, and
have suffix "A": for example, unpacked and interpolated data
for 80-81 case 0141 are on file F0141A. File 8501A (Disk 3)
contains Papamoschou and Roshko's data for the spreading
rate of compressible mixing layers, to replace the "Langley"
correlation in 80-81 case 8501 (though it must be pointed
out that the older correlation still has its adherents and
that convective Mach number, the independent variable in
F8501A, is not quite a unique parameter for two-stream
mixing layers). The updated files for F0251 are in Directory 
NLR3D on Disk D6.

Some of the 80-81 cases were ignored in favor of more recent
data sets for similar configurations.  These and other new
cases are in the format supplied by the originators, but
with some editing to produce reasonable uniformity. Since
1981 it has become much easier to edit data files and we did
not think it advisable to use Cantwell's format, which is
easily read by machines but not by humans. The new test
cases are labeled by the names of the originators (test
cases actually used in the Collaboration were given code
numbers, listed in Appendix B for the record). In Disks 1 to
5 each test case is contained in one file. The more
extensive complex-flow data on Disk 6 and in Disks R1 to R4
are in separate directories for each case: Disk R5 contains
only one case.

For the new test cases, starting with Disk 4, the effort
available allowed us, at most, to edit the data files so
that a given line contains either alphabetic information
(titles, etc) or numerical values, but not both. That is,
modellers will merely have to edit out, or arrange their
data-reading programs to ignore, lines that begin with alpha
characters, and then use free-format reads for numerical
data. We assume that all modelers are able to read free
format numbers separated by spaces, e.g.

1729 2.71828 6.6E-23 ........

For the shorter data files such as correlations, which are
more likely to be edited and plotted than read into the
prediction program directly, we  inserted a "%" sign as the
first character of every alphabetic line (this is the
"comment" character in TeX: modellers who prefer another 
"ignore this line" sign should be able to edit the "%" sign 
into something else). For longer files, we  inserted a 
standard "skip then read" line before each cluster of 
alphabetic lines followed by data lines, as in the following 
example..........

  3  5  .... (2I3)  [skip three lines, then read five lines]
In the second century of the Christian era, the Empire of
Rome comprehended the fairest part of the earth, and the
most civilised portion of mankind.
4004
8008
8080
8086
80286
  1  2              [another skip/read pair]

94.305
30.30

................The modeller's program must be set up to
read the two numbers on the "skip/read" line (NS, NR), then
read NS lines into a dummy string, then read NR lines, then
read the next skip/read pair. 

Disk 5 contains selected test cases from the latest in the
series of AGARDograph reviews of compressible flow data
initiated by Hans Fernholz and John Finley, AGARDograph 315
"A survey of measurements and measuring techniques in
rapidly distorted compressible turbulent boundary layers" by
H.H. Fernholz, P.J. Finley, J.P. Dussauge and A.J. Smits.
The disk files are in the same format as the samples in the
AGARDograph except that the double quote used for
exponentiation has been replaced by the standard "E". The
present organizers have added a few lower-case comments but
made no other changes: in particular we have NOT inserted
"skip then read" values. File names look similar to 80-81
compressible cases but are distinct. The internal notation
should be obvious, but note that "Pitot" pressure is the
total pressure downstream of a normal shock. The full data
set is available from  NASA Sci. and Tech. Info. Ctr., phone
(301) 621-0204, or from the AGARD National Centers listed on
p. 1-3 of AGARDograph 315.

2.2 Test cases actually used

Sections 2.2.1 and 2.2.2 are condensed versions of the
descriptions and instructions for the simpler flows sent to 
Collaborators: for more detail see file CASE15.TXT, but 
note that section numbers do not correspond with those above.

2.2.1 Simulation results for simple flows

A major breakthrough since 1980-81 is the availability of
simulation data, potentially including all possible
turbulence statistics. Data for the NASA Ames simulations of
a constant-pressure boundary layer (Spalart, J. Fluid Mech.
187, 61) and a 2D duct ("channel") flow (Kim, Moin and
Moser, e.g. J. Fluid Mech. 194, 15) are together in file
SIMUL1.DAT on disk 4. These are nominally easy test cases,
but provide a check on individual terms in turbulence models
which cannot be measured directly and are especially useful 
for testing near-wall ("low Reynolds number") models. The 
Spalart boundary layer starts at an Retheta of only 300, and 
initial conditions in a computation may obscure results.  
One way of allowing initial conditions to decay is to start 
at Retheta = 300 (or the lowest Reynolds number at which the 
model allows turbulence to survive) and march forward, 
increasing the viscosity at each step so that Retheta 
remains constant, until the results cease to change: then 
fix the viscosity and run on to Retheta = 600 and 1400.

Complex-flow simulations are discussed in Section 2.2.4.

2.2.2 Experimental data for simple incompressible flows

Of the cases in the Stanford 80-81 data library, the Samuel-
Joubert boundary layer in increasing adverse pressure
gradient (case 0141) tests the ability to handle rapidly-
growing flows, which can defeat transport equations for
length scale (or time scale or dissipation).

The homogeneous turbulence test cases (0371-0376) of the
80-81 meeting are replaced by fewer and more recent data,
except for the classical Comte-Bellot/Corrsin results (0371)
for decay of isotropic turbulence. File PENVEN.DAT on Disk 4
contains  data on response to plane strain and TAVOU.DAT on
disk 4 contains homogeneous shear data (the latter data
include microscale measurements from which dissipation can
be deduced, but the answers proved to be not very accurate
and it is suggested that initial dissipation rate be deduced
from initial decay rate).

In the Collaboration, free shear layer predictions were
compared with consensus growth rates, and the only new free-
shear-layer data set, the circular jet of Panchapakesan and
Lumley (PANCH.DAT on Disk 4) was not used explicitly.

The backward-facing step with inclined top wall was a
"predictive" test case in 80-81, the measurements being
reported by Driver and Seegmiller (AIAA J. 23, 163, 1985).
The BAKSTP files on Disk 4 contain these and the same
authors' data for a parallel top wall (the latter being a
replacement for 80-81 test case 0420).

2.2.3 Simple compressible flows

The main compressible test cases were adiabatic and cold-
wall constant-pressure flows up to M = 8 (80-81 test cases
8101, 8201, approximately): most of the prediction methods
produced results close to those of the Van Driest II skin-
friction formula, and the predicted Reynolds-analogy factor
St/(cf/2) did not vary significantly with wall temperature.
Detailed comparisons with flat-plate data were not made.

The mixing layer, case 8501 (new data in file F8501A), is
the only flow which undoubtedly suffers from compressibility
effects at non-hypersonic Mach numbers. None of the methods
presented at the 1981 Stanford meeting could predict these
effects, except by inserting arbitrary Mach-number-dependent
coefficients. This happened again in the present
Collaboration, with the difference that M-dependent terms
with some physical basis are now the subject of active
research. Two cautions should be issued: different workers
use different definitions of mixing layer thickness, and
doubts have been expressed about the use of "convection Mach
number" to collapse data from two-stream mixing layers.

The only case of a boundary layer in distributed adverse
pressure gradient that was actually used was that of
Fernando and Smits, starting at M=2.65 (AGARDograph 315,
case 8601, and J. Fluid Mech. 211, 285, 1990). Mean-flow
data are in file 8601 on disk 5, with turbulence data in
8601T). A genuine boundary layer calculation using the
measured wall pressure should be adequate, at least for skin
friction determination. The skin friction coefficient in
this flow happens to remain nearly constant but this is a
coincidental balancing of pressure-gradient and Mach number
effects: this is not a trivial test case.

2.2.4 Complex (incompressible) flows

Disk 6 contains incompressible complex flows, including
computationally-simple 3-D and time-dependent flows. We give
the full running instructions issued to the Collaborators,
since the initial and boundary conditions in some of these
flows need care. The data directories are as follows:--

\SPALASK Two-dimensional sink-flow boundary layer
         simulation.

\ALVING  Two-dimensional boundary layer in and downstream of
         a convex bend (stabilizing curvature: replaces 80-
         81 case group 0230).

\JOHNSON Two-dimensional boundary layer in  a concave bend
         (destabilizing curvature: replaces 80-
         81 case group 0230).

\CASTRO  Two-dimensional stably-curved mixing layer (80-81
         case 0331, edited).

\LAUNDER Normally-impinging jet from a circular nozzle.

\MORSE   Single-stream swirling jet in still air (80-81 case
         0340, not used).

\NLR3D   "Infinite" 35 deg. swept "wing" (80-81 case
         0251, not used).

\SPALA3D Pseudo-Ekman 3D boundary layer simulation.

\JENSEN  One-dimensional time-periodic boundary layer.

 All of these test cases are degenerate numerically,
compared to fully-3D steady flow or 2D time-dependent flow,
but they pose most of the modelling difficulties that appear
in general flows, without posing the full numerical
difficulties. Except for the simulations, dissipation data
are not available. For the initial profiles, assume
(dissipation) = (production), except for the swirling jet
(see below).

2.2.5 Running instructions for complex flows

\SPALASK. Calculate two-dimensional sink-flow boundary
layers (boundary-layer edge velocity inversely proportional
to distance from sink) for the conditions of the three
simulations by Spalart (J. Fluid Mech. 172, 307, 1986). The
pressure-gradient parameter K=(nu/Ue2)dUe/dx defines the
flow.  Note that (1/K) = Ue(x0 - x)/nu , where x0 is sink
position. Values of K for the three cases are 1.5x10-6,
2.5x10-6 and 2.75x10-6, in files SINK_K.150, SINK_K.250 and
SINK_K.275 respectively. These flows are close to reverse
transition, and Spalart's simulation at K = 3.0x10-6
reverted to laminar flow. Therefore these are good test
cases for near-wall models (shear stress gradient expressed
in wall variables is large and negative). Simulation data
are made dimensionless by wall variables and are exactly
self-similar. Other nondimensionalizations are deducible as
needed, given the value of U+ at the boundary layer edge,
Ue+: for example delta+ = delta/[(x0 -x)KUe+]. For the three
cases, the simulations give Ue+ = 20.015, 19.577, and
19.418.

Start by using the simulation data as initial conditions
(the latter should of course be immaterial), and march until
the results regain self-similarity or are obviously
indicating reverse transition. Note that the tabulated
"dissipation" in the budget for twice the turbulent kinetic
energy is twice the rate of dissipation of turbulent energy!
If possible, try other values of pressure-gradient parameter
K, inside or outside the given range, to bracket your
model's reverse-transition value of K. Plot cf, equal to
2/(Ue+)2, against x u0 / nu, where u0 is initial value of
friction velocity, until similarity is regained or until (x0
- x) has halved, whichever distance is larger. Plot
predicted similarity profiles against both y+ and ln y+, for
U, -uv, and the highest-order quantities your model predicts
(e.g. dissipation, pressure-strain term). Put simulation
profiles on same graphs (use velocity-pressure-gradient term
for pressure-strain data, provisionally: this implies
neglect of transport by pressure fluctuations). If possible,
"dissipation" should be true viscous dissipation of
turbulent energy, nu(dui/dxj + dui/dxi)2/2, not the modified
dissipation used in some turbulence models for convenience
near the wall.


\ALVING. Calculate a two-dimensional boundary layer in and
downstream of a convex bend (stabilizing curvature: Alving,
Smits and  Watmuff, J. Fluid Mech. vol. 211, p. 529, 1990;
see also A.E. Alving, PhD thesis, Princeton University,
1988). There is a full description of the experiment in
README.TXT and dimensions, pressure coefficients, etc. in
file INFO.DAT. The files have been left in exactly the
(admirable) form prepared by Dr Alving. Note that no
measurements were made within the bend, and that no
turbulence measurements were reported at station 2, just
downstream of the bend. Also note that static-pressure
variations through the boundary layer were ignored, so that
velocities evaluated from pitot traverses are actually the
so-called "potential  velocity", Up, derived from
Bernoulli's equation using the total pressure at height y
and the static pressure at the wall. The velocity made using
the external-stream total pressure and the wall static
pressure is called the "potential wall velocity", Upw. A
calculation using the boundary-layer approximation with the
surface pressure as input will  - ideally - yield the
potential velocity.

Start the calculation at station 1, s = - 0.646m, and
continue to station 9, s = 2.100m. Take the surface pressure
coefficient from file CP1.DAT, noting that "Y" is the
streamwise distance s. Interpolated pressure coefficients at
the probe tip positions are in INFO.DAT. Unfortunately
details of the contoured concave wall shape and of the
quantity of suction applied to it are not available either
in the journal paper or the thesis, making Navier-Stokes
calculations difficult. Plot the experimental and calculated
skin-friction coefficient against s (in meters). Plot
experimental and calculated  shear-stress profiles in the
form -uv / Uref2 against y (in meters) for each measured s-
station excluding station 2, and include the wall values,
utau2/Uref2. Use a separate graph for each station.


\JOHNSON. Calculate a two-dimensional boundary layer in  a
concave bend (destabilizing curvature: Johnson and Johnston,
Rept MD-53, Mech Engg Dept, Stanford University, 1989).
There is a full description of the experiment in file
INDEX.TXT. Note that only the case with No turbulence grid
is considered here, with data in the files whose names have
an "N" as the second character, but grid data are also on
the disk. The distance x is the arc length along the concave
test surface measured from the start of curvature
(represented by s in Alving's experiment). This experiment
was done with an LDV in a low-speed water flow (with the
bend in the horizontal plane) and no pressure measurements
were made: as in Alving's experiment the walls were
contoured to maintain constant pressure in and upstream of
the bend but in this case the channel width is given as a
function of x, in file xdata.dat. This file also contains
some station data including the potential wall velocity Upw
(as defined for Case 5.2).

Start the calculation at station FN, x = - 56cm, and
continue to station CN60, x = 142cm, after 60 deg. of
turning. Note that the Reynolds number based on momentum
thickness at station FN is only 1450. Plot the experimental
and calculated skin-friction coefficient (based on Upw)
against x (in cm). Plot experimental and calculated shear-
stress profiles in the form -uv / Upw2 against y (in cm) for
each measured x-station, and include the wall values, cf/2:
use a separate graph for each station. Note that if Upw is
really constant this is compatible with the plots against
Uref requested for case 5.2.


\CASTRO. Calculate the two-dimensional stably-curved mixing
layer of Castro and Bradshaw (J. Fluid Mech. 73, 265, 1976).
Data in 1980-81 format are in F0331 on Disk 1, but the Disk
6 files have been completely reformatted into the same
general style as the new test cases. The radial pressure
gradient is large enough that thin-shear-layer calculations
which neglect it are likely to give poor results. The data
file includes the shape of a "reference streamline" within
the irrotational core of the flow, and this is the most
reliable choice for the inner boundary of a Navier-Stokes
calculation. Conditions at "infinity" should not be
critical, except that any constraint on entrainment through
that boundary may lead to partial recirculation of the
mixing layer, which should exit smoothly through the
downstream end of the domain of integration (the "top" in
the experiment).

Start with a thin turbulent boundary layer at the nozzle
exit, adjusting if necessary to obtain best agreement at the
first measurement station. The upper boundary in a Navier-
Stokes solution should be chosen well downstream of the last
measurement station. Plot the maximum shear stress as a
function of downstream distance and compare with the
measurements.

\LAUNDER. Calculate the normally-impinging jet from a
circular nozzle two diameters above the impingement plate,
with fully developed pipe flow at exit, at a Reynolds number
of 23000 based on nozzle diameter and bulk-average velocity
(Cooper, D.; Jackson, D.C.; Launder, B.E.; Liao, G.X.,
Impinging jet studies for turbulence model assessment.  Part
1 - Flow-field experiments, UMIST Mech Engg Dept TFD/92/5,
1992).  If possible calculate heat transfer for a small
temperature difference in air for the same conditions (Baugn
and Shimizu, J. Heat Transfer 111, 1096, 1989), assuming
uniform temperature at the pipe exit. This is a more
complicated axisymmetric equivalent of the Castro flow.

For initial conditions, use your own calculation of
turbulent pipe flow at bulk-average Reynolds number of 23000
and report cf or the pipe-flow friction factor. The nozzle
lip thickness is 1/32 of the diameter. For the first
calculation, assume atmospheric pressure over the whole of
the exit plane and the cylindrical (or other) boundary at
large distance from the jet axis. Assume that the exit plane
is entirely an inflow boundary, with zero or negligibly
small turbulence quantities everywhere outside the nozzle.
Assume that the cylindrical boundary is entirely an outflow
boundary, with zero radial gradient of (radius times
variable) for all quantities, or take the boundary far
enough away that "zero gradient of variable" is adequate.
The real flow might have some inflow through the upper part
of the cylindrical boundary. If this gives trouble, do
further calculations, with your choice of boundary
conditions for the nozzle lip and the outer boundaries, but
still using your pipe-flow prediction to give total pressure
at the nozzle exit. Plot the maximum resultant mean velocity
against radial distance, and compare with data. If
calculating heat transfer, plot Nusselt number (it is
difficult to define a meaningful Stanton number).


\MORSE. Calculate a single-stream swirling jet in still air,
swirl number S = 0.4. This is the case of A.P. Morse (PhD
thesis, London University, 1980: most accessible relevance
is Gibson & Younis, Phys. Fluids 29, 38, 1986). The data,
and a draft of the following instructions, were kindly
supplied by Dr Younis. Data for max. axial and tangential
velocity components (Umax and Wmax), and half-radius r1/2
(where U=0.5Umax) are tabulated against x/D in file
MORSE0.DAT (Wmax and r1/2 are given only at radial traverse
stations). Profile data for x/D=0.5 (starting position),
1.0, 2.0, 4.0, 6.0 and 10.0 are in files MORSE1.DAT to
MORSE6.DAT, and include all mean velocity components and all
Reynolds stresses. Reynolds number Uexit d / nu = 56000.

Start at x/D=0.5. If needed, evaluate initial dissipation
profile from inversion of the k, eps. formula for (x-r)-
plane shear stress, as dissipation = cmu k2 (dU/dr)/(-uv),
with cmu = 0.09. This is probably better than assuming
(production) = (dissipation), but modelers are welcome to
try the latter or other assumption, after trying the k, eps.
derivation. For calculations by boundary layer methods,
integrate the reduced radial momentum equation, dp/dr = - p
W2/r and use upstream values to evaluate dp/dx (at x/D =
0.5, assume  dp/dx = 0). Plot maximum circumferential mean
velocity as a function of x and compare with data.


\NLR3D. Calculate the "infinite" swept "wing" of van den
Berg et al. (J. Fluid Mech. 70, 127, 1975).  Data in 1980-81
format are in F0251 on Disk 1,  reformatted data on Disk 6.
The normal pressure gradient is significant in the
downstream region near separation, and Dr van den Berg has
supplied a suggested pressure distribution along a line in
the external stream, for use as the outer boundary condition
in a Navier-Stokes calculation. In an N-S calculation, the
streamwise pressure gradient should be relaxed at a short
distance downstream of the last measurement station, to
reattach the flow and ensure that the downstream boundary is
an outflow boundary.

Start a Navier-Stokes calculation with a thin turbulent
boundary layer at the leading edge, adjusting if necessary
to match the boundary layer at the first measurement
station. In a boundary-layer calculation, use data at the
first measurement station directly, and continue to the last
measurement station or to separation, whichever comes first.
Plot surface shear stress and wall flow angle (measured with
respect to the x (tunnel) axis, not the local external
stream) at each measurement station, and compare with data.


\SPALA3D. Calculate the pseudo-Ekman 3D boundary layer of
Spalart (J. Fluid Mech. 205, 319, 1989).  The variables are
functions of y (vertical) and time t, but not of the
horizontal coordinates x and z. Because of this simplicity,
a program capable of computing steady flow over infinite
swept wings (z coordinate along generators and d[ ]/dz=0)
could be adapted: Ud[ ]/x becomes d[ ]/dt; Vd[ ]/dy and
Wd[ ]/dz are zero - for different reasons - and the program
can be stepped in time instead of marching in x. As for the
self-similar sink flow, the initial conditions are
immaterial and can therefore legally be taken straight from
the data. Step in time until the periodic amplitude of one
component of skin friction becomes constant again,
indicating self-similarity. Report the peak-to-peak
amplitude of skin friction coefficient.


\JENSEN. Calculate the one-dimensional time-periodic
boundary layer of Jensen, Sumer and Fredsoe (J. Fluid Mech.
206, 265, 1989: only case 10 has been included here).
Ensemble (phase) averages can be used in place of simple
Reynolds averages. The convection term D/Dt reduces to
partial d/dt, all spatial-derivative contributions being
zero: thus a 2-D steady boundary-layer code can be easily
adapted by equating Ud/dx to d/dt (U=constant=1 in that
term) and imposing V=0, which follows from dU/dx=0.

Start at t=0 with the experimental data for a suitable phase
angle, and, using the measured, approximately-sinusoidal
free-stream velocity as the outer boundary condition, march
in time until the computed solution becomes periodic (same
peak-to-peak amplitude in successive periods). Navier-Stokes
codes should of course be run time-accurate, at least in the
later stages of the calculation. Plot surface shear stress
(normalized by the maximum free-stream dynamic pressure) as
a function of phase angle and compare with the data.


3. SELECTION OF "UNUSED" DATA

This is not to be regarded as a definitive selection, but a
set which happened to interest a particular expert. The
names of the directories on Disks R1 to R7 are based on the
names of the data originators, generally in alphabetical
order. Because of the backup procedure used some data sets
are split between two disks.

Ahmed isothermal dump combustor with swirl (FAVALORO, S.C.
et al., An experimental and computational investigation of
isothermal swirling flow in an axisymmetric dump combustor,
AIAA-89-0620)

Anderson and Eaton 3D flow in wedge-plate junction
(ANDERSON, S.D.; EATON, J.K., Reynolds stress development in
pressure-driven three-dimensional boundary layers, J.Fluid
Mech. 202, 263, 1989)

Antonia wake with T fluctuations (ANTONIA, R.A.; BROWNE,
L.W.B., Anisotropy of the temperature dissipation in a
turbulent wake, J. Fluid Mech. 163, 393, 1986)

Anwer curved pipe flow (ANWER, M.; SO, R.M.C.; LAI, Y.G.,
Perturbation by and recovery from bend curvature of a fully
developed turbulent pipe flow, Phys. Fluids A1, 1387, 1989.)

Brereton unsteady boundary layer (Stanford rept TF-29 and
Cornell TSF 5, plus free-stream vel from TF-18: BRERETON,
G.J.; REYNOLDS, W.C.; JAYARAMAN, R., Response of a turbulent
boundary layer to sinusoidal free-stream unsteadiness, J.
Fluid Mech. 221, 131, 1990.

Choi square-section duct, 180 deg bend, Re = 56, 690 (CHOI,
Y.D.; MOON, C.; YANG, S.H., Measurememnt of turbulent flow
characteristics of square duct with a 180o bend by hot wire
anemometer, Proc. of Int. Sympo. on Engg Turb, Modeling and
Meas., Dubrovnik 1990, and Trans Korea Soc. Mech Engrs 12,
900, 1988).

Davis transition duct (NASA TM 105210 [with data supplement]
and DAVIS, D.O.; GESSNER, F.B., Experimental investigation
of turbulent flow through a circular-to-rectangular
transition duct, AIAA J. 30, 367, 1992).

Devenport and Simpson wing/body junction with separation
(DEVENPORT, W.J.; SIMPSON, R.L., Time-dependent and time-
averaged turbulence structure near the nose of a wing-body
junction, J. Fluid Mech. 210, 23, 1990).

Kegelman and Roos delta wing (KEGELMAN, J.T.; ROOS, F.W.,
The flowfields of bursting vortices over moderately swept
delta wings, AIAA-90-0599, 1990). Two 1.2MB disks (R5A and
R5B) or one 1.44 MB disk (R5).

Nagano natural-convection boundary layer (TSUJI, T.; NAGANO,
Y., Characteristics of a turbulent natural convection
boundary layer along a vertical flat plate, Int. J. Heat and
Mass Transf. 31, 1723, 1988).

Nakabayashi Couette flow with fixed wavy wall (NAKABAYASHI,
K.; KITOH, O.; IWATA, H., Turbulent Couette type flow with
an alternating pressure gradient, Presented at 8th Symposium
on Turbulent Shear Flows, Munich, poster no. I-13, 1991).

Nakayama airfoil BL and wake (NAKAYAMA, A., Curvature and
pressure-gradient effects on a small-defect wake, J.Fluid
Mech. 175, 215, 1987)

Pauley and Eaton vortices in boundary layer (Stanford rept.
MD-51 and PAULEY, W.R.; EATON, J.K., Boundary layer
turbulence structure in the presence of embedded streamwise
vortex pairs, 7th Sympo. on Turbulent Shear Flows, Stanford
Univ., 1989).

Szczepura pipe expansion (axi. backstep: SZCZEPURA, R.T.,
Flow characteristics of an axisymmetric sudden pipe
expansion, British Central Elec. Gen. Board repts
TPRD/B/0702/N85 and /0703/R86, 1986).

Tavoularis homogeneous curved flow (HOLLOWAY, A.G.L.;
TAVOULARIS, S., The effects of curvature on sheared
turbulence, J. Fluid Mech. 237, 569, 1992).

Zierke and Deutsch transitional cascade blade (NASA CR
185118, 1989).

4. OTHER DATA AVAILABLE ON DISK (mainly unedited)

Bremhorst pulsed jet

Brown cylinder-cone shock-BL interaction (NASA Ames)

Coleman and Stollery M = 9 ramp (JFM 56, 741, 1972)

Delville/Lemay/Bonnet boundary layer with LEBUs

Dengel & Fernholz boundary layer near separation (Turbulent
Shear Flows 7, paper 1.4, 1989)

Driver spinning body (AIAA J. 25, 35, 1987)

Driver axi. separation and reattachment (presented at Am.
Phys. Soc. meeting, Nov. 89)

Fujita square duct with two opposite rough walls,
rectangular duct with one rough wall.

Harvey hypersonic cone (mean profiles)

Hastings/Wadcock stalled airfoil - 80-81 flow 0440

Hoffmann ship stern (Hamburg Inst. fur Schiffbau Ber. 290,
1976: see Larsson, SSPA-ITTC Workshop on Ship BLs 1980, SSPA
pub. 90)

Kawamura (i) reverse transition in strongly heated pipe flow
(known inlet conditions but heat transfer measurements only)

Karnik & Tavoularis diffusion from line source (J. Fluid
Mech. 202, 233, 1989)

Knight M=3 fin (AIAA 86-0343)

Settles hypersonic fin shock/BL interaction

SSPA, Gothenburg HSVA2 ship stern

5. DATA VOLUNTEERED (OR RECOMMENDED) but not available in
machine-readable form from the organizers: all enquiries
should go to to the originators.

Bandyopadhyay TBL on smooth-to-rough wall (JFM 180, 231,
1987)
Bandyopadhyay TBL on axi. bodies with various longitudinal
curvature (AIAA J. 27, 274, 1989)
Brune (i) 4-element high-lift airfoil (AIAA-83-0566) (ii)Pot
- wake/plate interaction (NLR-TR 79063L, 1979)
Castro (i) Johnson and Hancock impinging axi. jet (axi.
equvalent of 0331, above; Turbulent Shear Flows 7, paper 28-
5) (ii) Castro and Hacque normal plate and splitter (JFM
179, 439, 1987)
Chung (i) curved square-section duct with sheared and
unsheared entry profiles (ii) swirling jets (iii) wall jet
on convex surface
Cimbala 2D momentumless wake (Turbulent Shear Flows 7, paper
6.1)
Coantic (i)Beguier - mixing layer and wake mixing with heat
transfer  (ii) Elena - supersonic boundary layer on strongly
heated wall (iii) Chauve - coaxial heated jet mixing in
diffuser
Comte-Bellot wall-pressure fluctuations statistics in 2D and
3D boundary layers
Dang simulations (i) homogeneous turbulence with strain or
rotation, including scalar transport (ii) plane, curved or
diverging channel flows
Durst orifice plate (Turbulent Shear Flows 7, paper 10.4)
Fernholz  3D flow over 2D normal plate - Jaroch and Fernholz
J. Fluid Mech. 205, 523, 1989)
Fujita (i) rectangular duct with one rough wall (Exptl.
Thermo. and Fluid Sci. 2, 72, 1989) (ii) heat transfer in
square duct with two rough facing walls (Chem. Engg. Comm.
74, 95, 1988)
Hanjalic (i) pulsating flow (Karlsruhe TSF) (ii) Deardorff
buoyant flow
Marasli plane wake (JFM 168, 31 - including x-wire rake
traces)
Miyake channel simulation with pseudo-wavy wall (represented
by suction/injection)
Pollard 3D wall jet (see 0264)
Savill curved wake (IUTAM Complex Flow Sympo., Marseille)
Simpson (i) separating diffuser flow (addition to 0431);
(ii) unsteady versions of (i); (iv) Meier-like ellipsoid
Squire transonic shock/BL interaction - interferometer
density maps
Van den Berg (i) GARTEUR (European collab.) swept wing - not
available at end 1996 (iii) NLR airfoil with flap
Vogel and Eaton heat transfer behind backstep (presented at
TSF 5, Cornell 1985 - plus velocity field from Adams and
Johnston, Expts. in Fluids 6, 400 and 493, 1988)
Wood axi. diffuser with swirl.

APPENDIX A      1980-81 TEST CASES

This list is reproduced form the 1981 data tape. Details of
publication, etc. are given in the individual data files:
case numbers in CTTM are the 80-81 numbers prefixed by an
"F" (and followed by an "A" if the data have been
reformatted or otherwise upgraded). For full details of the
1980-81 cases see the Proceedings,  "The 1980-81 AFOSR-HTTM-
Stanford Conference on Complex Turbulent Flows" (S.J. Kline,
B.J. Cantwell and G.M. Lilley, eds.), Mech. Engg Dept.,
Stanford University, 1981: reprinted 1994.

AFOSR-STANFORD LIBRARY OF EVALUATED TURBULENCE DATA -
 INDEX TO THE TAPE

CASE NUMBER       TITLE

  0111            PO, J.K., LUND, E.G., &  
                  GESSNER, F.B.;
                  DEVELOPING FLOW IN A SQUARE
                  DUCT.  (SECONDARY FLOW
                  OF THE SECOND KIND)

  0112            HINZE, J.O.;
                  SECONDARY CURRENTS IN THE
                  TURBULENT FLOW THROUGH A
                  STRAIGHT CONDUIT.

  0141            SAMUEL, A.E. & JOUBERT, P.N.;
                  INCREASINGLY ADVERSE
                  PRESSURE GRADIENT FLOW.

  0142 & 0143     POZZORINI, R.;
                  SIX-DEGREE CONICAL DIFFUSER
                  FLOW, LOW AND HIGH CORE
                  TURBULENCE.

  0211            BRADSHAW, P., HANCOCK, P.E.;
                  EFFECT OF FREE STREAM
                  TURBULENCE.

  0231 & 0232     HOFFMANN, P.H. & BRADSHAW, P.;
                  TURBULENT BOUNDARY LAYERS
                  ON SURFACES OF MILD
                  LONGITUDINAL CURVATURE.

  0233            GILLIS, J.C., JOHNSTON, J.P.;
                  TURBULENT BOUNDARY LAYER
                  ON A CONVEX, CURVED SURFACE.

  0234            HUNT, I.A. & JOUBERT, P.N.;
                  EFFECTS OF SMALL STREAMLINE
                  CURVATURE ON TURBULENT DUCT
                  FLOW.

  0235            SMITS, A.J., YOUNG, S.T.B.
                  & BRADSHAW, P.;
                  THE EFFECTS OF SHORT REGIONS
                  OF HIGH SURFACE CURVATURE ON
                  TURBULENT BOUNDARY LAYERS.
                  (CONVEX 30 DEGREES)

  0241            ANDERSEN, P.S., KAYS, W.M.
                  & MOFFAT, R.J.;
                  ZERO PRESSURE GRADIENT
                  CONSTANT INJECTION.

  0242            ANDERSEN, P.S., KAYS, W.M.
                  & MOFFAT, R.J.;
                  ADVERSE PRESSURE GRADIENT
                  WITH CONSTANT SUCTION.

  0244            FAVRE, A., DUMAS, R.,
                  VEROLLET, E. AND COANTIC, M.;
                  ZERO PRESSURE GRADIENT WITH
                  CONSTANT SUCTION.

  0251            NLR INFINITE SWEPT WING
                  EXPERIMENT.

  0252            PART-ROTATING CYLINDER
                  EXPERIMENT.
                  (BISSONNETTE & MELLOR)

  0253            CYLINDER ON A FLAT TEST
                  PLATE.
                  (DECHOW & FELSCH)

  0254            PART-ROTATING CYLINDER.
                  (LOHMANN)

  0261, 0263, 0264TURBULENT WALL JET DATA
                  COLLECTED FROM VARIOUS
                  SOURCES.

  0311            PLANAR MIXING LAYER
                  DEVELOPING FROM TURBULENT
                  WALL BOUNDARY LAYERS.

  0331            CASTRO, I.P. & BRADSHAW, P.;
                  THE TURBULENCE STRUCTURE
                  OF A HIGHLY CURVED MIXING
                  LAYER.

  0361            CHEVRAY, R.;
                  THE TURBULENT WAKE OF A
                  BODY OF REVOLUTION.

  0370 (0371,     HOMOGENOUS TURBULENT FLOWS.
  0372, 0373,
  0374, 0375,
  0376)

  0381 & 0382     ANDREOPOULOS, J. &
                  BRADSHAW, P.;
                  MEASUREMENTS OF INTERACTING
                  TURBULENT SHEAR LAYERS IN
                  THE NEAR WAKE OF AN AIRFOIL.

  0411            CANTWELL, B.J. & COLES, D.;
                  A FLYING HOT WIRE STUDY OF
                  THE TURBULENT NEAR WAKE OF A
                  CIRCULAR CYLINDER AT A
                  REYNOLDS NUMBER OF 140000.

  0421            KIM, J., KLINE, S.J. &
                  JOHNSTON, J.P.;
                  FLOW OVER A BACKWARD
                  FACING STEP.

  0431            CHEW, Y.T., SIMPSON, R.L. &
                  SHIVAPRASAD, B.G.;
                  SEPARATING ADVERSE PRESSURE
                  GRADIENT FLOW.

  0441            WADCOCK, A.J. & COLES, D.E.;
                  FLYING-HOT WIRE STUDY OF
                  TWO-DIMENSIONAL TURBULENT
                  SEPARATION OF AN NACA 4412
                  AIRFOIL AT MAXIMUM LIFT.

  0471            VISWANATH, P.R., CLEARY,
                  T.W., SEEGMILLER, H.L. &
                  HORSTMAN, C.C.;
                  TRAILING-EDGE FLOWS AT HIGH
                  REYNOLDS NUMBER.

  0511            SHABAKA, I.M.M.A;
                  TURBULENT FLOW IN AN
                  IDEALIZED WING-BODY JUNCTION.

  0512            HUMPHREY, J.A.C.;
                  TURBULENT FLOW IN A CURVED
                  DUCT OF SQUARE CROSS-SECTION.

  0612            WIEGHARDT, K.;
                  ON THE TURBULENT FRICTION
                  LAYER FOR RISING PRESSURE.

  8301            THOMAS, G.D.;
                  FAVORABLE PRESSURE GRADIENT
                  AT SUPERSONIC SPEEDS WITH
                  INJECTION.

  8401            PEAKE, D.J., BRAKMANN, G. &
                  ROMESKIE, J.M.;
                  BOUNDARY LAYER IN ADVERSE
                  PRESSURE GRADIENT.

  8402            LEWIS, J.E., GRAN, R.L. &
                  KUBOTA, T.;
                  BOUNDARY LAYER IN ADVERSE
                  PRESSURE GRADIENT.

  8403            KUSSOY, M.I., HORSTMAN, C.C.
                  & ACHARYA, M.;
                  PRESSURE GRADIENT AND
                  REYNOLDS NUMBER EFFECTS ON
                  COMPRESSIBLE TURBULENT
                  BOUNDARY LAYERS IN SUPER-
                  SONIC FLOW.

  8411            ZWARTS, F.J.;
                  BOUNDARY LAYER IN ADVERSE
                  PRESSURE GRADIENT.

  8501            COMPRESSIBILITY EFFECTS
                  ON FREE SHEAR LAYERS.
                  (BRADSHAW)

  8601            MATEER, G.C., BOSH, A. &
                  VIEGAS, J.;
                  NORMAL SHOCK-WAVE/TURBULENT
                  BOUNDARY-LAYER INTERACTION
                  AT TRANSONIC SPEEDS.

  8602            KOOI, J.W.;
                  INFLUENCE OF FREE STREAM
                  MACH NUMBER ON TRANSONIC
                  SHOCK-WAVE BOUNDARY LAYER
                  INTERACTION.

  8611            BACHALO, W.D. & JOHNSON,D.A.;
                  TRANSONIC TURBULENT BOUNDARY
                  LAYER SEPARATION ON AN
                  AXISYMMETRIC BUMP.

  8612            DELERY, J. & LE DUIZET;
                  TRANSONIC FLOW OVER
                  2-DIMENSIONAL BUMP, M = 1.37.

  8621            COOK, P.H., MCDONALD, M.A. &
                  FIRMIN, M.C.P.;
                  AEROFOIL RAE 2822 - PRESSURE
                  DISTRIBUTION AND BOUNDARY
                  LAYER AND WAKE MEASUREMENTS.

  8623            SPAID, F.W. & STIVERS, L.S.;
                  SUPERCRITICAL AIRFOIL
                  BOUNDARY LAYER MEASUREMENTS.

  8631            SETTLES, G.S., FITZPATRICK,
                  T.J. & BOGDONOFF, S.M.;
                  ATTACHED AND SEPARATED
                  COMPRESSION CORNER FLOW
                  FIELDS IN HIGH REYNOLDS
                  NUMBER SUPERSONIC FLOW.

  8632            DUSSAUGE, J. & GAVIGLIO, J.;
                  TURBULENT BOUNDARY-LAYER
                  /EXPANSION INTERACTION AT
                  SUPERSONIC SPEED.

  8641            SETTLES, G.S., BACA, B.K.,
                  WILLIAMS, D.R. & BOGDONOFF,
                  S.M.;
                  REATTACHING PLANAR FREE SHEAR
                  LAYER. (SUPERSONIC)

  8651            HORSTMAN, C.C. & KUSSOY, M.I.;
                  HYPERSONIC SHOCK WAVE
                  TURBULENT BOUNDARY LAYER
                  INTERACTION-WITH AND WITHOUT
                  SEPARATION.

  8661            PEAKE, D.J.;
                  THREE DIMENSIONAL SWEPT
                  SHOCK/TURBULENT BOUNDARY
                  LAYER INTERACTION.

  8663            KUSSOY, M.I., VIEGAS, J.R.
                  & HORSTMAN, C.C.;
                  INVESTIGATION OF 3-D SHOCK
                  SEPARATED TURBULENT BOUNDARY
                  LAYER.

  8671            POINTED AXISYMMETRIC BODIES
                  AT ANGLE OF ATTACK
                  -SUPERSONIC. (RAINBIRD)

  8691            MCDEVITT, J.B., SEEGMILLER,
                  H.L. & OKUNO, H.L.;
                  NON-LIFTING TRANSONIC
                  AIRFOIL, SHOCK-SEPARATED
                  FLOW.

(Hard copies of this document distributed from Stanford
contain the more detailed list of test cases reproduced from
vol. 1, pp. 624-632 of the 1980-81 Proceedings).

Appendix B  SUMMARY OF DATA ACTUALLY USED (Disks 1 to 6)

Note that identification numbers refer to the class of flow
(incompressible/compressible/complex) and not the disk
number.

Entry test cases: flat plate skin friction and heat transfer
at momentum-thickness Reynolds number of 10000:

(i) M=0 adiabatic (ii) M=0 heat transfer with small
temperature difference (iii) M=0 heat transfer with Tw/Te=6
(iv) M=5 adiabatic.

August 1990 test cases (canonical flows and backstep)

(a) Incompressible flows (disks 1, 4)

3.1 Boundary layer in increasing adverse pressure gradient -
       80-81 case 0141, Samuel and Joubert
3.2.1 Boundary layer simulation - Spalart
3.2.2 Duct simulation - Kim, Moin and Moser
3.3.1 Homogeneous turbulence, unstrained - 80-81 case 0371
3.3.2 Homogeneous turbulence, strained - Le Penven et al.
3.3.1 Homogeneous turbulence, sheared - Tavoularis & Karnik
3.4.1 Round jet in still air          )
3.4.2 Plane jet in still air          )Data correlations
3.4.3 Plane mixing layer in still air )
3.5.1 Backward-facing step in duct with 6 deg. expansion
       angle - Driver and Seegmiller
3.5.2 Backward-facing step in  duct with parallel top wall

(b) Compressible flows

4.1.1 Skin friction on an adiabatic wall at M = 2, 3 and 8
4.1.2 Skin friction and heat transfer at M=5, for Tw/Taw =
      0.2, 0.4, 0.6 and 0.8.
4.2 Compressible mixing layer (plot spreading rate against
    Mc)
4.3.1 Boundary layer of Fernando and Smits (disk 5).


August 1991 test cases - incompressible complex flows (disk
6)

5.1  Two-dimensional sink-flow boundary layer simulation -
     Spalart
5.2  Two-dimensional boundary layer in and downstream of a
     convex bend (stabilizing curvature) - Alving
5.3  Two-dimensional boundary layer in  a concave bend
     (destabilizing curvature) - Johnson
5.4  Two-dimensional stably-curved mixing layer - Castro.
5.5  Normally-impinging jet from a circular nozzle - Cooper
5.6  Single-stream swirling jet in still air - Morse
5.7  "Infinite" 35 deg. swept "wing" - Van den Berg
5.8  Pseudo-Ekman 3D boundary layer simulation - Coleman
5.9  One-dimensional time-periodic boundary layer - Jensen



APPENDIX C    DISK DIRECTORIES

Disk 1: 80-81 incompressible data
(0411, 0441, 0511, 0512 absent)

DIR8081           1323 03-08-90  12:20p
INDEX            14336 05-09-85   2:58a
F0612            36736 05-24-85   1:51a
F0111            82688 05-09-85   3:51a
F0112            17920 05-09-85   4:11a
F0141            62720 05-09-85   6:42a
F0142           124948 01-01-80  12:22a
F0211             7168 05-10-85   1:56a
F0231            39936 01-01-80   3:40a
F0233            57600 05-10-85   3:19a
F0234            69120 05-10-85   3:59a
F0235            36992 05-10-85   4:43a
F0241            14720 05-10-85   5:05a
F0242            23936 05-10-85   1:53a
F0244            19968 05-13-85   5:31a
F0251            42880 05-13-85   6:40a
F0252            26496 05-13-85   7:15a
F0253            40064 05-13-85   8:17a
F0254            27520 05-14-85   7:06a
F0261            26752 05-14-85   7:44a
F0311            11008 05-15-85   1:32a
F0331            73126 02-06-90   2:14p
F0361            84304 01-01-80  12:44a
F0370            24448 05-15-85   1:42a
F0381            62208 05-15-85   3:39a
F0421            37376 06-12-85   2:26a
F0431            57088 06-12-85   3:07a
F0471            61312 05-23-85   2:27a
README   1        1231 03-08-90  12:19p
PPLOT    DOC     16665 03-20-90  10:36a
       30 file(s)    1202589 bytes
                        6144 bytes free


Disk 2: 80-81 compressible data, part 1
(8602 absent)

F8301            16000 05-24-85   2:59a
F8401            18688 05-24-85   5:37a
F8402            32768 05-28-85   1:23a
F8403           228288 01-01-80   2:33a
F8411            15616 05-29-85   3:00a
F8501             5888 05-29-85   1:23a
F8601            61440 05-29-85   2:48a
F8611            27136 06-06-85   1:30a
F8612            91392 06-06-85   2:24a
F8621           237062 01-01-80   3:22a
F8623           189666 01-01-80   3:29a
F8631           222958 01-01-80   3:33a
F8632            61952 06-07-85   3:43a
DIR8081  2         749 03-08-90   1:20p
README   2         351 03-08-90   1:19p
       15 file(s)    1209954 bytes
                        1024 bytes free


Disk 3: 80-81 compressible data, part 2

F8641            38144 06-07-85   4:09a
F8651           194258 01-01-80   3:41a
F8661            14592 06-08-85   1:16a
F8663           196882 01-01-80   3:47a
F8671            65792 01-11-85   1:51a
F8691            26752 01-11-85   2:08a
README   3         364 03-08-90   1:22p
DIR8081  3         503 04-09-90  11:05a
F8501A            1835 04-09-90  10:54a
        9 file(s)     539122 bytes
                      672768 bytes free


Disk 4: new incompressible cases, part 1

F0141A           45204 04-05-90   4:21p
SIMUL1   DAT    215974 03-06-90  12:36p
PENVEN   DAT      2873 04-04-90   4:04a
SIMUL1   FOR       597 03-06-90  12:30p
TAVOU    DAT      2351 04-05-90   5:43p
PANCH    DAT    112590 04-06-90  12:49p
BAKSTP1  DAT    110848 04-06-90  10:15a
BAKSTP3  DAT     73895 04-06-90  10:18a
BAKSTP2  DAT     18960 04-06-90  10:25a
BAKSTP   FOR       709 02-16-90   4:14p
DIR      4         508 04-09-90  11:08a
DIR1-5            4537 04-09-90  11:16a
       12 file(s)     589046 bytes
                      621056 bytes free


Disk 5: new compressible cases (AG-315)

8701-S7T          5692 04-04-90   1:37a
8601             73949 04-04-90   1:41a
CONTENTS         10325 04-04-90   2:23a
7904-S1          73669 04-04-90   1:09a
8602-A           42485 04-04-90   1:15a
7904-S2         125036 04-04-90   1:08a
7904-S3         119548 04-04-90   1:10a
7904-S4         191665 04-04-90   1:10a
7904-S5          56855 04-04-90   1:11a
8602-B           47938 04-04-90   1:16a
8603             57590 04-04-90   1:16a
8601T            18179 04-04-90   1:26a
8602T             3261 04-04-90   1:28a
8603T            16197 04-04-90   1:29a
8701-S1T         42482 04-04-90   1:30a
8701-S2T         10750 04-04-90   1:31a
8701-S3T         25408 04-04-90   1:31a
8701-S4T         15009 04-04-90   1:32a
8701-S5T         16831 04-04-90   1:32a
8701-S6T         14511 04-04-90   1:32a
DIR315   5         918 04-09-90  11:10a
       21 file(s)     968298 bytes
                      211456 bytes free


Disk 6: new incompressible cases, part 2

SPALASK      <DIR>     06-12-90   1:53p
SPALA3D      <DIR>     11-02-90   2:52p
ALVING       <DIR>     11-02-90   2:53p
JOHNSON      <DIR>     11-02-90   2:59p
JENSEN       <DIR>     12-14-90   4:08p
LAUNDER      <DIR>     01-03-91   8:50a
NLR3D        <DIR>     01-03-91   1:39p
MORSE        <DIR>     06-12-90   1:51p
CASTRO       <DIR>     01-03-91   5:20p
        9 file(s)          0 bytes
                      631296 bytes free


Disk R1: Selection of unused data, part 1

AHMED        <DIR>     04-01-93   4:11p
ANDER        <DIR>     04-01-93   4:13p
ANTON        <DIR>     04-01-93   4:16p
ANWER        <DIR>     04-01-93   4:17p
BRERE        <DIR>     04-01-93   4:20p
CONTENT           1229 04-01-93   5:32p
        6 file(s)       1229 bytes
                      185344 bytes free


Disk R2: Selection of unused data, part 2

CHOI         <DIR>     04-01-93   4:26p
DEVEN        <DIR>     04-01-93   4:30p
BRERE        <DIR>     04-01-93   4:23p
        3 file(s)          0 bytes
                      212992 bytes free


Disk R3: Selection of unused data, part 3

DEVEN        <DIR>     04-01-93   4:39p
NAGANO       <DIR>     04-01-93   5:11p
NAKAB        <DIR>     04-01-93   5:14p
NAKAY        <DIR>     04-01-93   5:15p
        4 file(s)          0 bytes
                       86528 bytes free


Disk R4: Selection of unused data, part 4

PAULEY       <DIR>     04-01-93   5:17p
SZCZE        <DIR>     04-01-93   5:23p
TAVOUK       <DIR>     04-01-93   5:24p
ZIERKE       <DIR>     04-01-93   5:27p
        4 file(s)          0 bytes
                      325632 bytes free


Disk R5: Selection of unused data, part 5.
Kegelman and Roos delta-wing data in PLOT3D
"XYZ" and "Q" file format. (Split on to two
disks, R5A and R5B, in 5-1/4" 1.2MB format.)

QA733    FMT    527202 04-02-93   9:52a
QP733    FMT    296202 04-02-93   9:52a
XA733    FMT    316284 04-02-93   9:52a
XP733    FMT    177684 04-02-93   9:52a
VORTICIT COM       326 04-02-93   9:53a
TPLOSS   COM       256 04-02-93   9:53a
        6 file(s)    1317954 bytes
                      138240 bytes free


Disk R6: Selection of unused data, part 6
 Volume in drive A has no label
 Directory of A:\

DAVTRAN      <DIR>     11-12-93   6:19p
        1 file(s)          0 bytes
                      187904 bytes free


Disk R7: Selection of unused data, part 7

 Volume in drive A has no label
 Directory of A:\

DAVTRAN      <DIR>     11-12-93   6:31p
        1 file(s)          0 bytes
                      625664 bytes free

